The purpose of the first project was to learn how to create and utilize custom functions within R. I was admittedly nervous about the undertaking, feeling completely
unprepared. My only guidance was a handful of lectures videos, viewed once, without hands-on practice. Well, to be fair, I think there were some segments to practice
making functions in the lecture videos, but things like that don't typically stick with me. For me personally, I find it best to jump in and learn how to use and 
troubleshoot as I code.

Based on discussion board traffic, I feel like I started the project a bit earlier than most in the class. I have a feeling people were expecting the project to only
take slightly longer than the homework assignments (which are pretty breezy in comparison). Thankfully, since I started on 9/7, I had plenty of time to work through
things and debug without much stress from the clock. Still, the project took way longer than I anticipated; I think I spent 8+ hours a day coding, googling, and
debugging from Wednesday to Saturday.

All in all, it was a great experience. I was surprised that I didn't hate spending that much time coding every day. In fact, when I stopped to take a break, I was 
usually excited to get back to it (and not just because of the due date). I like challenging myself and figuring things out in a programming environment. I get a real
sense of accomplishment when I see my learning and commitment produce results. I don't think there's much I would do differently with this project. I started with plenty
of time to finish with lots of buffer time for hiccups. I knew very little about functions before the project, but now am very comfortable creating and using my own.
I really enjoyed being able to create a function to take user-specified inputs, subset data accordingly, and output meaningful results (especially in the form of
a visually appealing graph). This project was a long, but good one! I'm glad to have the experience. As one of the lectures stated, "Function writing opsn R up!"

For reference, here is a link to [my project](https://jzfeathe.github.io/Feathers-Project-1.html)
